Steph another thing that happened at the
same venue is zeeburg gave a kiss to
Tata from 21 I saw that picture of Ben
baller and star wheel in the picture
yeah Ben looks photoshopped into the day
he was all about the picture I mean you
know dollars she kind of looked actually
kind of creeped out like yo react to it
you know because that's not just like
something that people I mean here in the
states I mean anytime you win an award
or anything like that you go up and you
get a person on the you know kiss on the
cheek it's like a casual thing in Korea
it's like you know you hold someone you
touch someone's hand and they think you
guys are together or something like that
you in the same table eating and they
think you're on a date in Korea you can
actually get girls pregnant by holding
their hand yeah she means like Koreans
always take it the wrong way I'm sure it
was a very casual kiss like a dad a nice
to meet you you know and it was platonic
so everyone could calm down Dadar I'm
sure it's not with the Biebs you know I
guess what has been a little later what
happened exactly
he knows the facts he knows the facts
he's everywhere all right that's good
2012 around Christmastime I got to hear
about this dude g-dragon and that's when
I really was like this kid really
understands not just like the hip-hop
scene he understands high-fashion like
this cat is collaborating with chrome
parts he's doing stuff with saintly
wrong like I felt like he was completely
on top of the game I feel like whoever's
behind him his team they had it on point
right these are the guys who were gonna
actually have the chance to cross over
to America so do you think it's possible
I mean 100 thousand percent one hundred
thousand percent in we talked about this
early and we got to ask you since you
were there the famous picture with no
you know it's funny because um so you
nobody's having enjoying some champagne
and what a few drinks and so I see
Dharam I'm like hey come here and she's
like like what's the whole pausing it's
only Justin she's like yeah she's
sitting there and she's like okay and
Justin decides to give her a kiss on the
cheek it was no big deal
never winged the first time they met he
just went in for a kiss on all right
first time you know he's just he just
killed the show in Korea and so Darla's
like hey send me those pictures so I
said I'm she's like oh you think it's
okay to close like yeah if you don't I
will and I felt like you know maybe this
pitch picture might get taken the wrong
way so I'm not gonna put it on Twitter
or Instagram I put on a web oh right the
Asian site know whatever it's not gonna
go right if I do it I go to sleep and I
wake up and I go on my Twitter and I had
147 replies to to that and then I had
something like we gonna some thing on my
own psyche was going on here we talked
about this earlier it's really nothing
in the states you know it's a kiss on
the cheek it's like just uh yeah but
it's you know it's Bieber kissing you on
it yeah I mean God just do it on the
other side hashtag no filter